#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
aioquic==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
anybadge==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
astroid==3.2.4
    # via pylint
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   service-identity
autopep8==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
boto3==1.34.152
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
botocore==1.34.152
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aioquic
    #   mitmproxy
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
coverage[toml]==7.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aioquic
    #   mitmproxy
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pymongo
docker==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flake8==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-flake8
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-sock
    #   mitmproxy
flask-sock==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flatten-dict==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
    #   wsproto
h2==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
hpack==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   h2
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   h2
    #   mitmproxy
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pylint
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kaitaistruct==0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
ldap3==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mitmproxy==10.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
mitmproxy-rs==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anybadge
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
passlib==1.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
protobuf==5.27.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
publicsuffix2==2.20191221
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ldap3
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   service-identity
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pylint==3.2.6
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pylsqpack==0.3.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aioquic
pymongo==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aioquic
    #   mitmproxy
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-flake8
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-flake8==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   docker
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via boto3
service-identity==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aioquic
simple-websocket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-sock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flatten-dict
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
tomlkit==0.13.0
    # via pylint
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   urwid
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
urwid==2.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   urwid
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
    #   simple-websocket
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mitmproxy
